docs: add steps to revive expired client with governance proposal (#438)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/proposals.md

a substitute client *after* the subject has become frozen to avoid the substitute from also becoming frozen. 
An active substitute client allows headers to be submitted during the voting period to prevent accidental expiry 
once the proposal passes. 

> # How to revive an expired client with a governance proposal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to recover an expired client with a governance proposal
```
?

See also the relevant documentation: [ADR-026, IBC client recovery mechanisms](../architecture/adr-026-ibc-client-recovery-mechanisms.md)

### Preconditions 
- The chain is updated with ibc-go >= v1.1.0.
- Recovery parameters are set to `true` for the Tendermint light client (this determines if a governance proposal can be used). If the recovery parameters are set to `false`, recovery will require custom migration code.

> - The client identifier of an active client for the same connection.

Author: Addressed.

> - Recovery parameters are set to `true` for the Tendermint light client (this determines if a governance proposal can be used). If the recovery parameters are set to `false`, recovery will require modifying the migration code. In this case the easiest thing to do is probably just to mint back the tokens during migration in the next hub upgrade. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recovery parameters are set to `true` for the Tendermint light client (this determines if a governance proposal can be used). If the recovery parameters are set to `false`, recovery will require custom migration code. 
```
Lets handle custom migration code when the problem arises. It is difficult to know the optimal fix

- The governance deposit.

## Steps

### Step 1

> Check if the client is attached to the expected `chain-id`. For example, for an expired Tendermint client on the Akash chain the client state looks like this on querying the client state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the client is attached to the expected `chain-id`. For example, for an expired Tendermint client representing the Akash chain the client state looks like this on querying the client state:
```
this client is not on the akash chain (probably from the hub)

```
{
  client_id: 07-tendermint-146
  client_state:
  '@type': /ibc.lightclients.tendermint.v1.ClientState
  allow_update_after_expiry: true
  allow_update_after_misbehaviour: true
  chain_id: akashnet-2
}
```
The client is attached to the expected Akash `chain-id` and the recovery parameters (`allow_update_after_expiry` and `allow_update_after_misbehaviour`) are set to `true`.

### Step 2

If the chain has been updated to ibc-go >= v1.1.0, anyone can submit the governance proposal to recover the client by executing this via cli:

```

> <binary> tx gov submit-proposal update-client <client_id> <active-counterparty-client in connection>

Author: client_id

```

> The `<active-counterparty-client in connection>` should be a client identifier on the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This client identifier should connect to the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is used right now could be reused to update the client.

Reviewer: Which channel is being actively used to transfer to the same chain? Use that client

> The `<active-counterparty-client in connection>` should be a client identifier on the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This client identifier should connect to the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is used right now could be reused to update the client.

Author: Addressed.

> The `<active-counterparty-client in connection>` should be a client identifier on the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This client identifier should connect to the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is used right now could be reused to update the client.

Reviewer 2: This sentence still doesn't make sense. Maybe:

`Use the active client that is currently being used to relay packets between the two chains as the replacement client.`

> The `<active-counterparty-client in connection>` should be a client identifier on the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This client identifier should connect to the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is used right now could be reused to update the client.

Author: Updated.

> The `<active-counterparty-client in connection>` should be the client identifier of a currently active client which is relaying from the chain containing the expired client you are trying to revive. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is used right now could be reused to update the client.

Reviewer: I would prefer not to use `counterparty` in this naming. It doesn't add description to what this means. I used `substitute` when writing the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<active-counterparty-client in connection>` should be a client identifier on the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This client identifier should connect to the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is used right now could be reused to update the client.
```

### Preconditions 
- The chain is updated with ibc-go >= v1.1.0.
- Recovery parameters are set to `true` for the Tendermint light client (this determines if a governance proposal can be used). If the recovery parameters are set to `false`, recovery will require custom migration code.
- The client identifier of an active client for the same counterparty chain.
- The governance deposit.

## Steps

### Step 1

Check if the client is attached to the expected `chain-id`. For example, for an expired Tendermint client representing the Akash chain the client state looks like this on querying the client state:

```
{
  client_id: 07-tendermint-146
  client_state:
  '@type': /ibc.lightclients.tendermint.v1.ClientState
  allow_update_after_expiry: true
  allow_update_after_misbehaviour: true
  chain_id: akashnet-2
}
```

The client is attached to the expected Akash `chain-id` and the recovery parameters (`allow_update_after_expiry` and `allow_update_after_misbehaviour`) are set to `true`.

### Step 2

If the chain has been updated to ibc-go >= v1.1.0, anyone can submit the governance proposal to recover the client by executing this via cli:

```

> <binary> tx gov submit-proposal update-client <client_id> <active-counterparty-client>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<binary> tx gov submit-proposal update-client <expired-client-id> <active-client-id>
```

Author: Updated.

```

> The `<active-counterparty-client>` should be a client identifier on the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This client identifier should connect to the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is actively used right now could be reused to update the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<active-client-id>` should be a client identifier on the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This client identifier should connect to the same chain as the expired or frozen client. This means: whichever recommended/relayed channel is actively used right now could be reused to update the client.
```

Author: Updated.

After this, it is just a question of who funds the governance deposit and if the chain in question votes yes.

## Important considerations 

> Please note that v1.0.0 of ibc-go will not allow transactions to go to expired clients anymore, so please update to at least this version to prevent similar issues in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that v1.0.0 of ibc-go or any later version will not allow transactions to go to expired clients anymore, so please update to at least this version to prevent similar issues in the future.
```

Author: Updated, but with a slight different text.
